Specify payload format (#203)
WICG/conversion-measurement-api: AGGREGATE.md

*   Histogram contributions. For the MPC protocol we propose initially to use incremental[ distributed point functions](https://github.com/google/distributed_point_functions) (see [issue](https://github.com/WICG/conversion-measurement-api/issues/116)) which form the most flexible and robust protocols we know about. For the single-server design we will send the data (i.e. without using the DPF protocol) to one of the processing origins, and a “null” record to the other (at random).
*   Privacy budgeting metadata. which could be some combination of `scheduled_report_time`, `attribution_destination` and the reporting origin (e.g. some function of information available in the clear to the reporter). This information can be used to bound how often batches of reports are sent for aggregation. Adding this to the encrypted payload makes this information immutable by the reporter. It should also be returned outside the payload to allow the reporting origin to maintain similar budgets.

**TODO:** more formally specify the `privacy_budget_key`.

> The payload should be encrypted via [HPKE](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke/) and then base64 encoded. The encryption will use public keys specified by the processing origins at some well-known address  `/.well-known/aggregation-service/keys.json` that the browser can fetch. Note that we are avoiding using the `attribution-reporting` namespace because many APIs may want to use this infrastructure beyond attribution reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `payload` should be encrypted via [HPKE](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke/) and then base64 encoded. The encryption will use public keys specified by the processing origins at some well-known address  `/.well-known/aggregation-service/keys.json` that the browser can fetch. Note that we are avoiding using the `attribution-reporting` namespace because many APIs may want to use this infrastructure beyond attribution reporting.
```
wdyt? here and below

Author: I'm a little on the fence about having every reference use code style (it gets a little distracting). I went with code styling the references to the encrypted, encoded payload, and leaving the references to the unencrypted, unencoded payload unstyled.

But, happy to change to whatever if you'd prefer

Reviewer: Ack

> The payload should be encrypted via [HPKE](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke/), to public keys specified by the processing origins at some well-known address  `/.well-known/aggregation-service/keys.json` that the browser can fetch. Note that we are avoiding using the `attribution-reporting` namespace because many APIs may want to use this infrastructure beyond attribution reporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The payload should be encrypted via [HPKE](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke/), to public keys specified by the processing origins at some well-known address  `/.well-known/aggregation-service/keys.json` that the browser can fetch and then base64 encoded. Note that we are avoiding using the `attribution-reporting` namespace because many APIs may want to use this infrastructure beyond attribution reporting.
```

> For the MPC protocol, we propose the contents of this base64-encoded encrypted payload will be a [CBOR](https://cbor.io) map with the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The contents of this base64-encoded encrypted payload will be a [CBOR](https://cbor.io) map.

Payloads generated with the `two-party` processingType will have the following structure:
```

```
// CBOR
{
  "version": "<api version>",
  "operation": "hierarchical-histogram",  // Allows for the service to support other operations in the future

>   "privacy_budget_key": "<field for server to do privacy budgeting>",

Reviewer: Should we keep a TODO to more formally specify privacy_budget_key?

Author: Done

  "scheduled_report_time": <timestamp in msec>,
  "reporting_origin": "https://reporter.example",
  "dpf_key": <binary serialization of the DPF key>,
}
```
Note that the `dpf_key` value would differ in the two payloads.

> For the single-server design, the `dpf_key` field would be replaced with `"data": { "bucket": <bucket>, "value": <value> }`. If two `aggregationServices` are specified, one payload (chosen randomly) would contain that data and the other would instead contain `"data": {}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Payloads generated with the `single-server` processingType will directly encode the bucket and value of the histogram contribution instead of a DPF key. The `dpf_key` field will be replaced with `"data": { "bucket": <bucket>, "value": <value> }`. 

If two `aggregationServices` are specified, one payload (chosen randomly) would contain that data and the other would instead contain `"data": {}`.
```

**Note:** The browser may need some mechanism to ensure that the same set of keys are delivered to different users.

The contents of the base64-encoded encrypted payload will be a [CBOR](https://cbor.io) map.

Payloads generated with the `two-party` processing type will have the following structure:

```
// CBOR
{
  "version": "<api version>",
  "operation": "hierarchical-histogram",  // Allows for the service to support other operations in the future
  "privacy_budget_key": "<field for server to do privacy budgeting>",
  "scheduled_report_time": <timestamp in msec>,
  "reporting_origin": "https://reporter.example",
  "dpf_key": <binary serialization of the DPF key>,
}
```
Note that the `dpf_key` value would differ in the two payloads.

Payloads generated with the `single-server` processing type will directly encode the bucket and value of the histogram contribution instead of a DPF key.

> The `dpf_key` field will be replaced with `"data": { "bucket": <bucket>, "value": <value> }`.

Reviewer: I wonder if it makes sense to encode bucket as a string here, it's possible we may want the schema to be robust to output domain size.

Author: The payload is currently CBOR, which supports integers in [-2^64, 2^64). Do we expect bucket sizes might go beyond 64-bit unsigned/65-bit signed? I'm leaning towards leaving it as is for efficiency and because supporting >64-bit integers will already require some non-trivial changes to the parsing/processing code (so changing to a string then won't be too bad). Wdyt?

Reviewer: Ack. Given the explainer uses 32 bits as the example, this seems fine. I can file a separate issue to track this as it probably affects other parts as well.
